hey everybody I just wanted to make a
quick video I've been working on this
for no purse-string stuff a lot that's
are pretty it's a for us to Cooley
signature kind of thing he kind of
invented this this technique of
stretching that's uh I just fascinates
me
I've been practicing it a lot as you can
see you started with that
it's kind of in rebuttal of the four
numbers from 9s on the cameras kind of
shitty
what are you hit or miss with but I just
wanted to kind of talk about the
technique a little you know like I said
it someone has to cool he did it's one
of the most challenging things ever but
a good thing to do if you ever want to
try to attempt it and it's brutal it's
gotta hurt
it doesn't hurt after a while but it
will at first you know it's just
something you can find them to shrink
manifesto as well
not a lot of dudes I've seen can pull
off this stuff and you know I can't do
it very well yet either but no I'm only
22 and rescue is 40 now so you know I'll
get there but um if you started you can
start at 10 if you want to be brave and
what it is is using all four fingers
for me it's a lot easier to go up than
it is down almost in any kind of legato
circumstance but I'm working on you can
get a lot down just move it up a whole
step to 12 so it's a 1/2
that's cool you can come play with it
you know maybe that hat time taste the
shrimp
I do a lot of that stuff sounds silly
that's cool
that was just a t1e I'm sorry always
make that mistake
so like I said just give it a try you
know not a lot of that was clean but you
know it's like I said a tip for Miss for
me I'm not always a perfect player to
work on it really hard but uh there's a
little challenge for you all and I'd
like to see somebody else try and do it
it would be really good give me some
inspiration to try harder so there you
have it subscribers there you go